Document new meta data FluxMonitor sends on input (#144)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: README.md

_If on a Mac, this requires `gnu-sed` to be installed and set as the default for the command `sed`._

### Input

> This is an example, a JSON body the adapter will receive when plugged into the Chainlink node pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Chainlink node sends a request to the external adapter, it will send a JSON body with the job run id as "id" and the request parameters as "data". Aggregator contracts of version 3 or above (FluxMonitor and Offchain Reporting) will also include the `RoundState` as the "meta" field in the request, serialized to a JSON object with lower camelCase keys.

An example request body can look like this:
```

```json
{
  "id": "2cae6a10e5184aa685c3428964b02418",
  "data": { "from": "ETH", "to": "USD" },
  "meta": {
    "availableFunds": 99900000000000000000,
    "eligibleToSubmit": true,
    "latestAnswer": 39307000000,
    "oracleCount": 1,
    "paymentAmount": 100000000000000000,
    "reportableRoundID": 2,
    "startedAt": 0,
    "timeout": 0
  }
}
```

> When the FluxMonitor posts to External Adapters, it will include the `RoundState` as the "meta" field in the request, serialized to a JSON object with lower camelCase keys.

Author: ```suggestion
```
